<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Hawaii EMA Simulator</title>
<script type="application/javascript">
"use strict";
function send_message(form){
if(form.mess.value==1){alert("Something happens. We don't know what.");}
if(form.mess.value==2){alert("Congratulations! You live to work another day!");}
if(form.mess.value==3){alert("You wish. Time to crack open those IPAWS manuals, call FEMA, and write in your own option, hope they're only a couple hundred pages.");}
if(form.mess.value==4){alert("Ah! It must be time for the Monthly RMT Test. No? Why did you push it then?");}
if(form.mess.value==5){alert("Now is the time to panic! Have fun getting reassigned.");}
return false;
}</script>
<!-- This mockery is in the public domain, for more info, go visit https://github.com/torpcoms/torpcoms.github.io/ -->
</head>
<body>
<h1>Hawaii EMA Simulator</h1>
<hr/>
<h2>Welcome to the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency</h2>
<p>Voted "a regular PC interface" by Retired Admiral David Simpson, former chief of the FCC’s Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau. <a href="https://www.wired.com/story/hawaii-nuclear-missile-alert-false-explanation/">src</a></p>
<p>Hawaii CivilBeat says, "better represents what an employee would have seen" than a screenshot of hyperlinks from a Vern Miyagi text message. <a href="http://www.civilbeat.org/2018/01/hawaii-distributed-phony-image-of-missile-warning-screen/">src</a></p>
<form onsubmit="return send_message(this)">
<select name="mess">
<optgroup label="1. State EOC">
<option value="1">1. TEST Message</option>
<option value="2">DRILL-PACOM (DEMO) STATE ONLY</option>
<option value="3">False Alarm BMD (CEM) STATE ONLY</option>
<option value="4">Monthly Test (RMT) STATE ONLY</option>
<option value="5">PACOM (CDW) STATE ONLY</option>
</optgroup>
</select>
<input type="submit" value="Submit message to IPAWS"/>
</form>
</body>
</html>
